Sir, can you take a look at our house?
All the best locations
Look
Mr. Shen
Mr. Shen, why are you here?
Lianxin, yes, so you work here?
I made you laugh.
Are you coming to buy a house?
Yes, god man
This is
And this is...
A friend I met during my expedition to the United States
Mr. Shen, are you young?
You saved my life.
Ah, Mrs. Shen
Mrs. Shen
Mr. Shen can only save our lives
There's nothing else we can do outside.
Don't worry, Mr. Shen.
Do you want to buy a house?
This is our good house.
Tell me what kind of house you want.
Guaranteed to give you the biggest discount.
So I'll take you to see the fire now
Who is so short-sighted?
Let all the beggars in?
Mr. Jiang, this is a client who came to buy a house.
He bought a house
Ah!
My teeth hurt when I laugh
Don't you think he looks like someone who can buy a house?
Ah!
Oh.
This beautiful woman is not bad looking
She bought you a house
You deserve it. Forget it.
Why don't you go with your brother?
I'll buy you a big villa tonight
I suggest you show some respect
Find a lady
What are you doing?